Telegram News Bot:
Built a conversational telegram news bot cabable of delivering latest news from various categories like
National news, International News, Sports News, Business news, Entertainment news and so on.It was also capable
of doing Small Talk with the user.

Bots are third party applications that run inside Telegram.Users can interact with bots by
sending messages, commands and inline requests.You control your bot using HTTPS requests to 
Telegram Bot API.

The Bot was built on Python using Flask framework.Best thing abt flask: using a single file, you can create an application.
There are 2 ways in which a converational chat bot can be made:
1. Using Polling Program:(Simplest Telegram bot) A polling program keeps on asking the 
   Telegram server that your bot has received any message or not. It is running all the time
   so it is not efficient. FUNCTION USED WAS: updater.start_polling()
2. Using Webhook: Polling was inefficient as you are sending requests again and again.
   Webhook is a better method and is recommended when your bot is very heavy and involves
   lots of users.Here, initially before starting the program, you tell the Telegram Server 
   that you have a callback URL.Whenever a msg is sent to the bot Telegram server wakes up
   and sends a request to the call back URL and accordingly action is taken.
   Benefit is that we do not need to poll and check everytime if a msg is recieved.
   Function used  bot.set_webhook("< public url generated using ngrok> "+ TOKEN given by botfather)

Every chatbot application has 2 main components 
UPDATER : sends and prepares update to the telegram bot from the telegram server
DISPATCHER: update is handled by dispatcher. 
Because of UPDATER AND DISPATCHER working together, request msg send by the user and responded correctly by the BOT.

The chat application was integrated with Google's DialogFlow.It is a kind of converational 
engine based on natural language conversations.Based on what request msg is recieved, what dialogflow does is:
It detects the parameters or entities from the text msg and maps it with any INTENT accordingly.

Entities are objects on which our bot will take some kind of actions.
example for news bot: topic was an entity name which included parameters as Sports, Business etc

Intents are mapping between what user said and what action is needed to be taken.
example: get_news and small_talk(inbuilt in dialogflow) were intents. 
Based on the user's text msg dialogflow understands which intent it falls under..it checks 
and matches the entity/parameters and responds accordingly.

To generate latest news of all categories, a python package called gnewsclient was used.
The news category was decided accoring to the parameters/entity from users text message.

Using the python-telegram-bot package a custom keyboard feature was added as reply markup.
It had all the news categories as buttons of the keyboard.



